issue 122 (#123)
daroczig/logger: vignettes/Intro.Rmd

str(y)
```

Sometimes, it may be reasonable to want to log a smallish data.frame or data.table, e.g. mtcars.

```{r}

> formatter_data_frame <- function(df, ...) {

Reviewer: is there any good reason to define a custom formatter here instead of using `formatter_pander`?

Author: Good point. How is it used?

I am okay with using `formatter_pander` as long as there is a decent example in the docs showing how it is used. 

```R
library(logger)
logger::log_info(mtcars)
```

Should work "out of the box" or have a ready example in the docs of how to solve the error.

Here is the error:
```R
Error in value[[3L]](cond) : `glue` failed in `formatter_glue` on:

 'data.frame':  32 obs. of  11 variables: 

Raw error message:

 All unnamed arguments must be length 1 

Please consider using another `log_formatter` or `skip_formatter` on strings with curly braces.`glue` failed in `formatter_glue` on:

  $ mpg : num  21 21 22.8 21.4 18.7 18.1 14.3 24.4 22.8 19.2 ... 

Raw error message:

 All unnamed arguments must be length 1 

Please consider using another `log_formatter` or `skip_formatter` on strings with curly braces.`glue` failed in `formatter_glue` on:

  $ cyl : num  6 6 4 6 8 6 8 4 4 6 ... 

Raw error message:

 All unnamed arguments must be length 1 

Please consider using another `log_formatter` or `skip_formatter` on strings with curly braces.`glue` failed in `formatter_glue` on:

  $ disp: num  160 160 108 258 360 ... 

Raw error message:

 All unnamed arguments must be length 1 

Please consider using another `log_formatter` or `skip_formatter` on strings with curly braces.`glue` failed i
```

Author: Shouldn't `log_formatter(formatter_pander)` be mentioned in the docs and or the error message when a user tries to log a data frame ?

> Sometimes, it may be reasonable to want to log a smallish data.frame or data.table, e.g. mtcars.
> 
> ```{r}
> formatter_data_frame <- function(df, ...) {
>     pander::pander_return(df, style = 'simple')
> }
> log_formatter(formatter_data_frame)
> 
> data(mtcars)
> log_info(mtcars)
> 
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, it may be reasonable to log R objects as markdown, e.g. a smallish `data.frame` or `data.table`, e.g. `mtcars` or `iris`. Calling the formatter using `pander` instead of `glue` can help:

```{r}
pander::panderOptions('table.style', 'simple')
log_formatter(formatter_pander)
log_info(head(iris))
```
```
